borderline   cardiomegaly .   midline   sternotomy   xxxx .   enlarged   pulmonary   arteries .   clear   lungs .   inferior   xxxx   xxxx   xxxx .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   cholecystectomy   clips   are   present .   small   t - spine   osteophytes .   there   is   biapical   pleural   thickening ,   unchanged   from   prior .   mildly   hyperexpanded   lungs .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   is   an   in t e r i m   xxxx   cervical   spinal   fusion   pa r t l y   evaluated .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   stable   calcified   granuloma   within   the   right   upper   lung .   no   acute   bone   abnormality . .
no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacities .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   intact .
heart   size   is   normal .   there   is   tortuosity   of   the   thoracic   aorta ,   stable   compared   with   prior .   no   focal   airspace   disease   or   effusion .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   degenerative   changes   in   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   well   expanded   and   clear .   there   are   no   focal   air   space   opacities .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .
lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   bony   structures   are   intact .
mild   hyperexpansion   of   the   lungs .   numerous   bilateral   rib   deformities .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   heart   size   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .   large ,   f low in g   anterior   endplate   osteophytes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   are   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   there   is   a   calcified   granuloma   identified   in   the   right   suprahilar   region .   the   aorta   is   mildly   tortuous   and   ectatic .   there   is   asymmetric   right   apical   s m o o th   pleural   thickening .   there   are   severe   degenerative   changes   of   the   xxxx .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   tracheostomy   tube   tip   is   <unk>   cm   above   the   carina .   there   are   prominent   diffuse   bilateral   interstitial   opacities ,   stable   from   prior   radiographs .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   xxxx   examination   consists   of   frontal   and   lateral   radiographs   of   the   chest .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   deformity   of   the   right   clavicle   related   to   remote   xxxx   is   again   seen .   visualized   upper   abdomen   grossly   unremarkable .
the   heart   size   is   stable .   the   aorta   is   ectatic   and   atherosclerotic   but   stable .   xxxx   sternotomy   xxxx   are   again   noted .   the   scarring   in   the   left   lower   lobe   is   again   noted   and   unchanged   from   prior   exam .   there   are   mild   bilateral   prominent   lung   interstitial   opacities   consistent   with   emphysematous   disease .   the   calcified   granulomas   are   stable .
heart   is   mildly   heart   enlarged .   mediastinal   contour   normal .   there   is   mild   diffuse   interstitial   prominence   suggestive   of   edema .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .   degenerative   changes   of   the   the   spine .
lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   negative   for   pneumoperitoneum .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .
normal   heart   size .   clear ,   h y p e r aerated   lungs .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   xxxx   s u b s t e r n a l   density   may   be   related   to   a   pectus   deformity .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   within   normal   limits   the   lungs   are   hypoinflated .   there   is   mild   increase   in   perihilar   markings   xxxx   related   to   patient ' s   history   bronchitis .   no   acute   infiltrate   or   pleural   effusion   are   seen .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   hyperinflation   of   the   lungs .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
low   lung   volumes   bilaterally   with   central   bronchovascular   crowding   without   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces . .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine . .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   xxxx   sternotomy   changes   are   again   noted .   the   lungs   are   clear   of   focal   infiltrates .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   lungs   are   grossly   clear   without   focal   p ne u m on i c   consolidation ,   large   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   stable   and   within   normal   limits .   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   osseous   findings .
right   costophrenic   xxxx   is   blunted .   in   the   left   lower   lobe   a   patchy   infiltrate   is   present .   the   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .
there   is   some   minimal   biapical   scarring .   a   calcified   granuloma   is   present   in   the   right   middle   lobe .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   is   not   significantly   enlarged .   there   are   atherosclerotic   changes   of   the   aorta .   arthritic   changes   of   the   skeletal   structures   are   noted .
there   is   a   left - sided   picc   with   tip   at   the   caval   atrial   junction .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   stable   short   segment   catheter   tubing   overlying   the   left   xxxx ,   xxxx   to   r e side   within   anterior   chest   soft   tissues   on   recent   chest   ct .   stable   remote   posttraumatic   changes   of   multiple   right   ribs .
the   heart   size   is   enlarged .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   calcification   is   seen   within   the   aortic   xxxx .   xxxx   interstitial   opacities .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   stable   appearing   right   perihilar   calcified   granulomas .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   bilateral   costophrenic   xxxx   blunting ,   left   worse   than   right .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   normal .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   there   are   low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding .   there   is   mild   increased   airspace   opacity   within   the   right   lung   base   which   may   represent   atelectasis   or   infiltrate . .   no   visualized   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   multilevel   degenerative   disease   of   the   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits   in   appearance .   no   focal   air   space   opacities .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
heart   size   upper   limits   of   normal .   small   amount   of   left   basilar   airspace   disease .   the   right   lung   is   clear .   there   are   no   cavitary   lesions   seen .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusions .
there   are   numerous   surgical   clips   at   the   thoracic   in l e t .   small   areas   of   xxxx   scarring   are   seen   in   the   left   base .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally   with   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   and   soft   tissues   are   unremarkable .
xxxx   xxxx   and   lateral   chest   examination   was   obtained .   the   heart   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   aortic   xxxx   appear   unremarkable .   lungs   demonstrate   left   upper   lobe   airspace   disease   most   xxxx   pneumonia .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   heart   and   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   osseous   structures   intact .
overall   hyperexpanded   lungs   with   flattening   of   the   diaphragms   consistent   with   obstructive   lung   disease .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .   degenerative   changes   in   the   spine .
no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   appear   intact .
heart   xxxx ,   mediastinum ,   xxxx ,   bony   structures   and   lung   xxxx   are   unremarkable .   no   significant   interval   change   compared   to   prior   study ,   no   xxxx   infiltrates   noted .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusion   is   identified .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   a   vague   area   of   airspace   disease   identified   within   the   right   midlung   on   the   pa   view .   this   is   not   well - demonstrated   on   the   lateral   view .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   mild   hyperinflation   of   the   lungs .   mild   pectus   e x ca v at u m   deformity .   stable   left   mid   lung   calcified   granuloma .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusions .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   clear   lungs   bilaterally .   no   pneumothorax   or   large   effusion .
normal   and   stable   cardiomediastinal   contours .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   no   focal   lung   consolidation .
the   trachea   is   midline .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal .   right   lung   calcified   densities   are   unchanged   from   prior   and   indicate   old   granulomatous   disease .   otherwise ,   the   lungs   are   clear ,   without   evidence   of   acute   infiltrate   or   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   the   visualized   bony   structures   reveal   no   acute   abnormalities .   lateral   view   reveals   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
the   heart   size   and   mediastinal   silhouette   are   within   normal   limits   for   contour .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   the   xxxx   are   intact .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   appearance .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   the   thoracic   spine   appears   intact .
heart   size   moderately   enlarged ,   stable   mediastinal   contours .   lateral   view   c u r v i line a r   densities   over   the   heart   suggestive   of   coronary   artery   stent s .   diaphragm   eventration .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   stable   left   upper   lobe   calcified   granuloma .   heart   size   is   mildly   enlarged ,   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   mild   tortuosity   of   the   descending   thoracic   aorta .
frontal   ( on   two   ca s s e t t e s )   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   with   overlying   external   cardiac   monitor   leads   show   an   unchanged   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   size   is   enlarged .   the   aorta   is   tortuous .   the   pulmonary   vasculature   appears   normal .   lungs   are   otherwise   clear   bilaterally .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   no   bony   abnormalities .
heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   any   focal   infiltrates .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   normal .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
the   lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   osseous   findings .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   hyperinflation .   calcification   is   seen   over   the   anterior   mediastinum   xxxx   a   calcified   lymph   node   at   is   not   identified   on   the   pa   projection .   the   heart   is   normal .   arthritic   changes   the   spine   are   seen .
the   cardiac   silhouette ,   upper   mediastinum   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   acute   air   space   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
there   is   some   minimal   patchy   opacity   in   left   base   which   may   represent   atelectasis   or   scarring .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal   for   age .   there   is   some   arthritic   changes   of   the   skeletal   structures   and   there   has   been   previous   r o t at or   xxxx   repair   on   the   right .
bilateral   emphysematous   again   noted   and   lower   lobe   fibrotic   changes .   postsurgical   changes   of   the   chest   including   cabg   p r o c ed u r e ,   stable .   stable   valve   artifact .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   large   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   degenerative   changes   noted   of   the   visualized   thoracic   spine .   nodular   right   lower   lobe   opacity ,   xxxx   nipple   xxxx .   contour   abnormality   of   the   posterior   aspect   of   the   right   <unk> th   rib   again   noted ,   stable .
normal   heart   size .   clear   lungs .   multilevel   degenerative   disc   disease   with   mild   de x t r o curvature   near   the   thoracolumbar   junction .
heart   size   within   normal   limits ,   stable   mediastinal   and   hilar   contours .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .
mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   bony   abnormality .   vague   density   in   right   mid   lung ,   xxxx   related   to   s c ap u l a r   tip   and   superimposed   ribs .   not   visualized   on   lateral   exam .
lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   bony   thorax   and   soft   tissues   grossly   unremarkable .   negative   for   pneumoperitoneum .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   cholecystectomy   clips   overlie   the   right   upper   quadrant .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   bony   structures   are   intact .
there   are   postoperative   changes   of   sternotomy .   there   is   cardiomegaly .   the   contour   of   the   ascending   aorta   is   prominent ,   consistent   with   known   ascending   aortic   aneurysm .   the   lungs   appear   clear .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   are   minimal   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   bony   over l ap   in   the   lung   apices   could   o b s c u r e   a   small   pulmonary   nodule .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   size   and   configuration .   pulmonary   vasculature   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   well - aerated .   there   is   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   consolidation .
mild   cardiomegaly .   mild   unfolding   of   the   thoracic   aorta .   no   focal   air   space   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   visualized   osseous   structures   are   unremarkable   in   appearance .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   there   is   eventration   of   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   well - inflated   and   clear .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   effusion .   the   bony   structures   of   the   thorax   are   unremarkable .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   within   normal   limits   for   patient   age . .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   a   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   multiple   granulomas .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
the   heart   is   enlarged .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal   in   caliber .   there   is   a   ne r v e   s t i m u l at or   device   projecting   over   the   left   hemithorax .   the   lungs   are   grossly   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
chest .   the   trachea   is   midline .   negative   for   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   focal   airspace   consolidation .   the   heart   size   is   normal .   abdomen .   no   pneumoperitoneum .   there   is   a   normal   bowel   xxxx   pattern .   air   and   s to o l   visible   throughout   the   en t i r e   large   colon   including   the   r e ct u m .   no   abnormal l y   dilated   small   bowel   loops .   no   evidence   for   in t u s s u s c e pt i on   or   small   bowel   obstruction .   no   pa th o l o gi c   calcifications   xxxx   over   the   abdomen   or   pelvis .   xxxx   xxxx   are   without   fracture   or   destructive   lesion ,   th o u g h   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   throughout   the   lumbar   spine .   small   hiatal   hernia   is   not   as   well   demonstrated   on   this   exam .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   line   to   suggest   pneumothorax   or   costophrenic   xxxx   blunting   to   suggest   large   pleural   effusion .   bony   structures   are   within   normal   limits .
low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   heart   size   within   normal   limits   for   technique ,   no   typical   mediastinal   widening   of   vascular   injury .   no   pleural   line   of   pneumothorax .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
there   is   prominence   of   the   superior   mediastinum   which   may   be   partially   due   to   patient ' s   known   thyroid   mass .   there   is   increased   tortuosity   of   the   descending   thoracic   aorta .   cardiac   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   opacification .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   is   s c o l i o t i c   curvature   the   thoracic   spine .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   left   perihilar   scarring   is   noted   in   the   upper   lobe .   streaky   opacities   in   the   retrocardiac   region   xxxx   reflect   mild   subsegmental   atelectasis .   there   is   no   focal   infiltrate   or   pleural   effusion .
there   is   scattered   calcified   granulomas .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   grossly   clear .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
the   lungs   are   clear   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   are   degenerative   changes   throughout   the   thoracic   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   left   hemidiaphragm   remains   elevated .   right   base   densities   are   again   noted   which   appear   improved .   previously   seen   left   pleural   effusion   has   resolved .   there   c on t in u e s   to   be   some   left   base   opacities   which   may   represent   atelectasis .   surgical   clips   and   s u t u r e   lines   are   noted   in   the   mediastinum .   an   air - fluid   level   is   seen   in   the   upper   right   abdomen   i mm ed i at e l y   below   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   extensive   pleural   densities   are   present   on   the   right   which   may   represent   l o ca l i <unk> ed   fluid   or   pleural   thickening .   no   definite   pneumothorax   is   seen .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusions .
lungs   are   clear .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .
the   xxxx   examination   consists   of   frontal   and   lateral   radiographs   of   the   chest .   sternotomy   xxxx   and   surgical   clips   are   again   seen .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   unchanged .   there   is   a   back g round   of   marked   c en t r i l o b u l a r   emphysema .   streaky   opacities   in   the   lung   bases   may   represent   atelectasis   or   scarring .   there   is   no   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   atherosclerotic   calcifications   of   the   aortic   xxxx   are   noted .   the   lungs   are   clear .
there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacities .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   intact .
there   are   prominent   epicardial   fat   pa d s ,   unchanged   from   prior .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   there   is   atherosclerosis   of   the   aortic   xxxx .   unchanged   streaky   opacities   in   the   bilateral   costophrenic   sulci   xxxx   represent   chronic   scarring   or   atelectasis .
no   acute   cardiopulmonary   abnormality .   extensive   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   mildly   enlarged   heart .   tortuous   aorta .   aortic   calcifications .   no   focal   area   of   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
there   are   xxxx   bilateral   lower   lobe   opacities .   no   pleural   effusion .   no   pneumothorax   is   identified .   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   lucency   be ne at h   the   diaphragm ,   consistent   with   pneumoperitoneum .   cholecystectomy   clips   are   noted   in   the   right   upper   quadrant .
there   has   been   interval   sternotomy   with   intact   midline   sternotomy   xxxx .   the   heart   is   near   top   normal   in   size   with   unfolding   of   the   aorta .   the   lungs   are   grossly   clear   with   no   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   are   grossly   normal .
there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   stable   left   lower   lobe   scarring .   normal   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity .   there   are   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine   noted .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   with   overlying   external   cardiac   monitor   leads   show   an   unchanged   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   cardiac   silhouette   at   the   upper   limits   of   normal   in   size .   tortuous   ectatic   aorta .   the   aortic   xxxx   is   near   <unk>   cm   in   diameter .   there   is   a   retrocardiac   left   pa r a spinal   b u l ge   concerning   for   a   descending   thoracic   aortic   aneurysm .   there   is   biapical   scarring .   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .   xxxx   spine   s p on dy l it i c   changes .
heart   size   is   normal .   right   lung   is   clear .   granulomatous   disease   in   the   bilateral .   subsegmental   atelectasis   in   the   left   lower   lung .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
heart   size   and   vascularity   normal .   lungs   clear .   no   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   limited   degenerative   change   of   the   spine
normal   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours .   the   lungs   are   hyperinflated   but   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
heart   xxxx ,   mediastinum ,   xxxx ,   bony   structures   and   lung   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
the   trachea   is   midline .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   and   unchanged   compared   to   prior   examination .   t u b u l a r   densities   overlying   the   heart   xxxx   are   xxxx   coronary   artery   stent s .   there   are   small   round   calcific   densities   in   the   bilateral   lobes   which   are   unchanged   from   prior   exam   and   xxxx   represent   sequelae   from   old   granulomatous   disease .   otherwise   lungs   are   clear ,   without   evidence   of   acute   infiltrate   or   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   the   visualized   bony   structures   reveal   no   acute   abnormalities .   lateral   view   reveals   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiac   silhouette   is   at   the   upper   limits   of   normal   for   size .   there   are   low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   minimal   degenerative   endplate   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
there   is   persistent   mild   elevation   right   hemidiaphragm .   there   is   suggest i on   of   subtle   patchy   opacities   in   lower   lung   xxxx   bilaterally .   this   is   xxxx   to   be   similar   to   xxxx   scan .   the   heart   is   normal .   the   aorta   is   calcified   and   tortuous .   the   skeletal   structures   show   scoliosis   and   arthritic   changes .
this   study   is   limited   secondary   to   patient   body   habitus .   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
there   is   obscuration   of   the   left   hemidiaphragm ,   suggesting   left   retrocardiac   airspace   disease .   this   is   not   identified   in   the   lateral   view ,   which   is   limited   by   rotation .   no   evidence   for   effusion .
there   are   postsurgical   and   post r a di at i on   changes   of   the   left   lung   with   a   s p i c u l at ed ,   h y p e r dense   scar   in   the   left   upper   thorax .   there   is   a   loss   of   lung   volume   on   the   left   due   to   postsurgical   change .   xxxx   de v i at i on   to w a r d s   the   left .   right   lung   is   hyperexpanded .   the   right   lung   is   clear .   heart   size   and   vascularity   within   normal   limits .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   bone   abnormality .
stable   normal   cardiac   size   and   contour   with   unremarkable   mediastinal   silhouette .   normal   pulmonary   xxxx .   no   active   airspace   disease / infiltrate .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   calcified   granuloma   right   upper   lobe .
stable   scarring   near   the   right   lung   apex   along   the   lateral   aspect .   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .   degenerative   changes   in   the   spine .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   there   is   mild   scoliosis   of   the   spine .
lungs   are   clear .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .
there   is   stable   xxxx   scarring   or   atelectasis   in   the   left   midlung .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   grossly   clear .   the   heart   size   is   near   the   upper   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   silhouette   is   normal .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   xxxx   t - spine   osteophytes   are   noted .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   no   airspace   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pulmonary   edema .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
lung   volumes   are   low .   no   focal   infiltrates .   heart   size   normal .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   identified .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   with   overlying   external   cardiac   monitor   leads   show   an   unchanged   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   the   lungs   are   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   there   are   no   xxxx   of   a   large   pleural   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   acute   bony   abnormality   seen .   probable   old   lateral   right   rib   fractures .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .
there   is   a   left   chest   wall   cardiac   xxxx   generator   with   <unk>   leads ,   one   projecting   over   the   right   atrium   and   one   projecting   over   the   right   xxxx .   the   heart   is   near   top   normal   in   size   with   normal   appearance   of   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   air   space   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   there   are   degenerative   changes   in   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiac   silhouette   is   borderline   enlarged .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal   in   caliber .   nipple   shadows   and   dense   breast   tissue   overlie   the   lung   bases .   the   lungs   are   grossly   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
the   heart   is   normal   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion ,   pneumothorax ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   there   is   stable   irregularity   of   the   posterior   left   <unk> th   rib   which   xxxx   represents   an   old   fracture . .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded   area   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   in c id en t a l   note   xxxx   of   bilateral   breast   i m p l an t s .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   xxxx   scarring   and   emphysematous   changes   noted .   the   lungs   are   grossly   clear .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   under inflated ,   but   xxxx   given   the   under in f l at i on ,   the   xxxx   appear   enlarged ,   more   xxxx   than   on   the   exam   and   xxxx .   o s t e op h y t i c   de gene r at i on   <unk> y p h o t i c   thoracic   spine .   mid   and   lower   thoracic   v e r t e b r op last y   has   been   performed .   a   right - sided   chest   xxxx   is   present   with   its   tip   in   the   upper   svc .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   normal   size   and   configuration   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   there   is   evidence   of   previous   granulomatous   disease .   normal   mediastinal   contour ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   vasculature ,   central   airways   and   lung   volumes .   no   pleural   effusion .
the   parenchymal   scar   in   the   left   lower   lobe   is   unchanged   in   the   interval .   no   xxxx   infiltrates   or   masses   in   the   lungs .   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .
cardiac   silhouette   is   normal   in   size .   normal   mediastinal   contour   and   pulmonary   vasculature .   the   lungs   are   without   focal   airspace   consolidation ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .
chest .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusions .   pelvis .   there   are   numerous   clips   overlying   the   pelvis   and   lower   abdomen .   non obstructive   bowel   xxxx   pattern .   no   pa th o l o gi c   calcifications .   hip   joint   spaces   are   symmetric   and   normal .   s a c r o i l i a c   joints   are   unremarkable .   no   fractures   or   dislocations .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   the   lungs   are   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   prior   granulomatous   disease .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal   size   and   s h ap e .   xxxx   and   soft   tissues   are   unremarkable .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   there   are   calcified   nodules   projecting   in   the   right   upper   lung .   mediastinal   contours   appear   normal .   the   heart   pulmonary   xxxx   appear   normal .   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   surgical   clips   are   identified   in   the   right   neck   and   left   mediastinum .
heart   size   is   normal .   cardiomediastinal   contour   is   normal   without   mediastinal   widening .   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   no   bony   or   soft   tissue   abnormalities .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   vascular   calcification   is   noted .   no   adenopathy   is   seen .
the   heart   and   mediastinal   contours   are   stable .   there   is   minimal   patchy   right   lower   lobe   airspace   disease   identified .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   within   normal   limits   for   technique ,   no   mediastinal   widening   seen .   no   acute   osseous   injury   xxxx   demonstrated .   dextroscoliosis   noted .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   appear   normal .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   there   appears   to   the   contrast   xxxx   within   small   colon i c   di v e r t i c u l a   in   the   s p l en i c   f l e x u r e   region .
normal   heart   size   mediastinal   contours .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   hyperexpansion   of   the   lungs .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
cardiac   silhouette   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   this .   there   is   no   opacity .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   no   large   pleural   effusion .   hyperlucent   right   apex   with   hyperinflation   consistent   with   emphysematous   changes .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours   appear   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   suspicious   pulmonary   opacity ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   visualized   osseous   structures   appear   intact .
lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   there   are   postoperative   changes   of   cervical   spine   fusion .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   appearance .   there   are   low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding   and   scattered   xxxx   opacities   in   the   bilateral   lung   bases .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax .   no   large   pleural   effusion .   no   acute ,   displaced   rib   fractures   identified .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   normal .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .   prior   cholecystectomy
there   are   bilateral   pulmonary   nodules   w h o s e   appearance s   suggest   metastatic   disease   to   lungs .   in   the   right   lung ,   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   x   <unk> . <unk>   cm   nodule   overlying   the   posterior   right   <unk> th   rib .   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   x   <unk> . <unk>   cm   nodule   xxxx   above   this   in   the   in t e r space   be t w e en   the   posterior   <unk> th   and   <unk> th   ribs   on   the   right .   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   x   <unk> . <unk>   cm   nodule   projecting   through   the   left   <unk> th   and   <unk> th   in t e r spaces   on   the   pa   view .   if   not   a l r e a dy   performed ,   contrast - en h an c ed   xxxx   would   be   xxxx   s u it ed   to   evaluate   these   findings .   there   are   no   focal   airspace   opacities   to   suggest   pneumonia .   to   the   stomach   contours   appear   grossly   clear .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   xxxx   appear   normal .   there   are   left - sided   axillary   clips .   there   is   a
stable   mild   cardiomegaly .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   bony   structures   intact .   right   humeral   head   bone   an c h or .
streaky   and   patchy   bibasilar   opacities ,   t r i an g u l a r   density   projected   over   the   heart   on   the   lateral   view .   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen ,   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .   considering   differences   in   technical   factors   xxxx   stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   with   normal   heart   size .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   no   change   in   the   small   calcified   right   upper   lobe   nodule .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   there   has   been   clearing   of   left   base   airspace   opacities .   the   lungs   now   appear   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   seen .   the   lungs   appear   hyperexpanded   consistent   with   emphysema .
normal   heart   size .   stable   tortuous   aorta .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   suspicious   focal   air   space   opacities .   levoscoliosis   of   the   thoracolumbar   spine .   hyperinflated   lungs   with   flattened   diaphragms   are   consistent   with   emphysematous   lung   changes .   prior   granulomatous   disease .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   in num e r a b l e   bilateral   lung   nodules   are   present .   these   are   seen   diffuse l y   throughout   both   lungs .   no   superimposed   focal   airspace   disease   is   seen .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   identified .   scoliosis   is   present .
lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   nodules   or   masses .   bony   thorax   and   soft   tissues   grossly   unremarkable .
there   are   low   lung   volumes .   the   heart   size   and   upper   mediastinum   have   a   normal   appearance .   there   is   no   pulmonary   vascular   congestion .   there   is   minimal   right   basilar   atelectasis .   there   is   no   large   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   appear   intact .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   normal   size   and   configuration   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   normal   mediastinal   contour ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   vasculature ,   central   airways   and   aeration   of   the   lungs .   no   pleural   effusion .   there   are   g as t r o e s op h age a l   junction   and   epigastric   postsurgical   changes .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   descending   thoracic   aorta   is   tortuous .   central   venous   catheter   is   again   noted .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   the   left   hemidiaphragm   remains   elevated .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   seen .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
heart   xxxx ,   mediastinum ,   xxxx ,   bony   structures   and   lung   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
heart   is   large .   pulmonary   xxxx   are   engorged .   bibasilar   interstitial   infiltrates   and   bilateral   costophrenic   xxxx   blunting   are   present .
mild   cardiomegaly .   mediastinal   normal   w id th .   pulmonary   vasculature   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   well - aerated .   there   is   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   consolidation .   xxxx   scarring   or   atelectasis   right   midlung .
lordotic   projection   and   large   body   habitus .   limited   mediastinal   evaluation .   severe   cardiomegaly .   no   visualized   pneumothorax .   no   large   effusion   or   airspace   disease .   no   fracture .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   show   several   old   rib   fractures   unchanged   in   the   prior   study   on   the   left .
xxxx   sternotomy   xxxx   and   mediastinal   surgical   clips   remain   in   xxxx .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   stable   in   appearance .   the   thoracic   aorta   is   tortuous   and   calcified   with   stable   appearance   since   xxxx   exam .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   scattered   right   basilar   subsegmental   atelectasis .   the   left   lung   appears   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   present .   moderate   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   osteopenia .   mild   loss   of   xxxx   of   a   mid   thoracic   vertebral   body .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   calcified   granuloma   is   present   in   the   right   base .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   seen .   in   the   lateral   right   base   is   identified   an   ill - defined   somewhat   o b l on g   opacity .   this   was   not   present   on   the   previous   study .   the   remainder   of   the   lungs   appear   clear .
<unk>   images .   calcified   granuloma ,   right   lung   base .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascular   engorgement   appear   within   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   contour   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   no   convincing   acute   bony   findings .
cardiomegaly .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal   limits .   increased   interstitial   opacities .   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   osseous   abnormality .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
several   calcified   granulomas   in   bilateral   hilar   region s .   the   trachea   is   midline .   negative   for   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   focal   airspace   consolidation .   the   heart   size   is   normal .
no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   airspace   consolidation .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vasculature   appear   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   xxxx   are   intact .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   a   region   of   left   upper   lobe   perihilar   opacity   identified .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   a   few   bandlike   opacities   are   present   on   the   lateral   view   which   appear   to   represent   small   areas   of   scarring .   surgical   clips   are   present   in   the   right   upper   quadrant   of   the   abdomen .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
coronary   artery   stent s   visualized .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   the   aorta   is   atherosclerotic .   xxxx   airspace   disease   within   the   left   lower   lung .   the   remainder   of   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   surgical   clips   overlying   the   right   breast .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   well   expanded   without   consolidation   or   edema .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   visualized   osseous   structures   are   unremarkable .
the   heart   is   large ,   and   the   pulmonary   xxxx   are   engorged .   no   infiltrates .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   there   is   a   slight   xxxx   deformity   of   the   lower   thoracic   body   which   is   age - indeterminate .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits ,   no   mediastinal   widening   c h a r a ct e r is t i c   in   appearance   of   vascular   injury .   no   acute   osseous   injury   xxxx   demonstrated .
there   is   hyperexpansion ,   h y p e r lucency   of   both   lungs ,   as   well   as   flattening   of   the   diaphragm   consistent   with   chronic   emphysematous   lung   disease .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   large   pleural   effusion   identified   ( blunting   of   costophrenic   recess e s   bilaterally   may   represent   small   effusions   or   pleural   thickening / scar .   stable   calcified   mediastinal   and   hilar   lymph   xxxx   and   a   left   basilar   calcified   granuloma .   acute   osseous   abnormality .   the   mediastinal   silhouette   stable .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
<unk>   images .   the   cardiac   silhouette   is   enlarged .   thoracic   aortic   atherosclerotic   calcifications   are   present .   there   are   finding   status   post   sternotomy   and   cabg .   xxxx   atelectasis   or   scar   is   noted   within   the   left   midlung .   there   is   blunting   of   the   left   costophrenic   xxxx .   no   pneumothorax .
xxxx   xxxx   right - sided   chest   tube   tip   now   projects   outside   the   thoracic   ca v it y .   no   definite   residual   pneumothorax .   stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   there   are   low   lung   volumes .   no   large   pleural   effusion .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   small   amount   of   subdiaphragmatic   free   air .
there   are   scattered   calcified   granulomas .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour .   right   humeral   internal   fixation   xxxx   is   noted .
one   xxxx   are   low .   both   costophrenic   xxxx   are   blunted .   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   no   visible   infiltrates   in   the   aerated   lungs .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   the   patient   is   o be s e .
heart   size   within   normal   limits ,   stable   mediastinal   and   hilar   contours ,   mediastinal   calcifications   suggest   a   previous   granulomatous   process .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .
the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   no   acute   bony   abnormality   is   identified .
the   lungs   are   clear .   no   pleural   effusion   is   seen .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   arthritic   changes   of   the   spine   are   present .
mildly   hyperinflated   lungs   with   flattened   posterior   diaphragm .   no   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   findings   of   pleural   effusion   or   pulmonary   edema .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   there   is   stable   xxxx   scarring   in   the   right   upper   lobe .   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   there   is   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   there   is   mild   h a <unk> in e s s   in   the   right   lung   and   left   base ,   which   could   represent   infiltrate .   no   pleural   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   stable   xxxx   deformity   of   a   midthoracic   v e r t e b r a .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   normal   xxxx .   xxxx   cholecystectomy .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   appearance .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits   for   ap   technique .   low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding .   no   focal   infiltrate .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .
cardiac   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   normal .   there   is   mild   bibasilar   focal   atelectasis .   no   evidence   of   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   minimal   atherosclerotic   changes   are   present   in   the   thoracic   aorta .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   is   persistent   stable   appearing   right   apical   scarring .   there   is   persistent   left   basilar   scarring .   there   are   minimal   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   the   lungs   are   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   infiltrate .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   are   calcifications   of   the   aortic   xxxx .   the   lungs   are   hyperinflated   with   increased   retrosternal   airspace   and   flattening   of   hemidiaphragms .   there   is   h a <unk> in e s s   in   the   right   lung   apex .   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   cm   nodular   density   in   the   medial   right   lung   base   seen   on   the   frontal   view ,   not   identified   on   the   lateral   view .   this   may   represent   a   v e s s e l   on   end .   there   is   no   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   effusion .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   within   normal   limits .   there   is   retrocardiac   density   which   xxxx   c or r e s p on d s   to   patient ' s   known   hiatal   hernia .   the   lungs   are   hypoinflated .   no   focal   consolidation   is   seen .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .
xxxx   xxxx   and   lateral   chest   examination   was   obtained .   the   heart   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   aortic   xxxx   appear   unremarkable .   lungs   demonstrate   increased   interstitial   markings   probably   copd .   there   is   calcified   hilar   lymph   xxxx .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
left   lower   lobe   calcified   granuloma .   heart   size   normal .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   mild   medial   right   atelectasis .   mild   emphysema .
the   lungs   are   clear .   a   calcified   granuloma   is   seen   in   the   left   midlung   zone .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   heart   is   normal   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion ,   pneumothorax ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   the   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
no   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   normal .   granulomas   are   seen   within   the   right   lung .   no   large   pleural   effusions .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits . the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   there   is   eventration   of   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   the   descending   thoracic   aorta   is   tortuous .
calcified   left   lower   lobe   granuloma .   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   pneumothorax .   degenerative   changes   noted   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   there   is   stable   lucency   in   the   right   mid   clavicle   d at in g   back   to   xxxx .
the   heart   size   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   ill - defined   opacity   is   again   noted   in   the   region   of   the   lingula .   this   is   increased   since   the   previous   study .   the   remainder   of   the   lungs   appear   clear .   mild   xxxx   deformity   is   noted   in   the   mid - thoracic   spine .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   seen .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
normal   heart   size .   clear   lungs .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   there   is   opacity   at   the   base   of   the   mediastinum   which   is   xxxx   a   hiatal   hernia .
there   is   interval   placement   of   a   xxxx   on   the   left   chest   with   the   catheter   tip   in   the   cavoatrial   junction .   the   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   lung   volumes   within   normal   limits .   slightly   prominent   pulmonary   vascularity   noted .   increased   p e rib r on c h i a l   c u ff in g .   no   large   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   s u b pleural   edema   out l in in g   the   right   xxxx   fissure .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   of   size   and   appearance .   the   pulmonary   vascularity   is   unremarkable .   there   are   xxxx   opacities   in   the   left   xxxx ,   xxxx   subsegmental   atelectasis   or   scar .   otherwise ,   the   lungs   are   expanded   and   clear   of   airspace   disease .   negative   for   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   limited   bone   evaluation   reveals   no   acute   abnormality .
low   lung   volumes   with   m a gn if i ed   appearance   of   the   heart ,   xxxx   normal   heart   size .   negative   for   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   bony   thorax   and   soft   tissues   grossly   unremarkable .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   opacities .   no   pneumothorax .   no   effusions .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   no   xxxx   deformities .   emphysematous   changes .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   left   pleural   effusion   is   present .   a   mass   density   is   present   in   the   left   midlung   zone .   this   measures   approximately   <unk> . <unk>   cm   in   diameter .   air - fluid   level   is   present   be h in d   the   heart   which   probably   represents   a   hiatal   hernia .   some   xxxx   of   right   lung   atelectasis   are   noted .   osteopenia   and   xxxx   deformities   are   present   in   the   spine .   multiple   surgical   clips   are   noted .   no   pneumothorax   is   seen .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
lumbar   and   are   low .   no   infiltrates .   heart   size   normal .   a   large   hiatal   hernia   is   present .   an   age - indeterminate   xxxx   fracture   is   present   in   the   lower   thoracic   v e r t e b r a .   scoliosis   is   present   in   the   thoracic   and   thoracolumbar   spine .
the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
sternotomy   xxxx   and   mediastinal   clips   are   unchanged .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unchanged .   pulmonary   vasculature   and   xxxx   are   unchanged .   no   xxxx   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   osseous   structures   and   soft   tissues   are   unchanged .
the   cardiac   silhouette   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   focal   opacities .   there   is   no   large   pleural   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   xxxx   deformities   involving   multiple   vertebral   bodies   of   the   thoracic   spine   which   appear   stable   compared   to   the   previous   exam .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   contour ,   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   is   identified .   no   acute   osseous   abnormality   identified .
normal   heart   size ,   mediastinal   and   aortic   contours .   normal   pulmonary   vascularity .   atherosclerotic   calcifications   identified   within   the   aortic   xxxx .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   consolidation ,   visible   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   f low in g   thoracic   spine   osteophytes   noted .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   unchanged   multiple   xxxx   foreign   bodies   overlying   the   left   clavicle   and   midline   in   the   posterior   soft   tissues .   the   bony   thorax   is   grossly   intact .
the   cardiac   silhouette ,   upper   mediastinum   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   acute   air   space   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   pulmonary   nodules   are   identified .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   the   lungs   are   mildly   hypoinflated   but   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   multiple   xxxx   sternotomy   xxxx   and   surgical   clips   compatible   with   prior   cabg .   the   most   ca u d a l   xxxx   sternotomy   xxxx   is   fracture d .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   osseus   abnormality . .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusions   or   focal   lung   consolidation .
study   is   somewhat   limited   by   body   habitus .   cardiomegaly   is   noted ,   with   central   pulmonary   vascular   prominence   and   coarse ned   interstitial   markings ,   suspicious   for   developing   interstitial   pulmonary   edema .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   definite   effusion   identified .   no   acute   bony   abnormality   seen .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   calcified   lymph   xxxx   are   present .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
there   is   a   moderate   l a ye r in g   left   pleural   effusion ,   grossly   stable .   there   is   a   moderate   right   pleural   effusion ,   which   is   partially   loculated .   there   is   some   pleural   fluid   t r a c <unk> in g   along   the   right   xxxx   fissure .   there   is   bibasilar   airspace   disease ,   possibly   p as s i v e   atelectasis .   no   pneumothorax   is   identified .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   right   picc   tip   is   at   the   svc .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   previously   seen   right - sided   picc   has   been   removed .   the   heart   size   is   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   bony   structures   are   within   normal   limits .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   right   chest   xxxx   tip   is   again   seen   at   the   cavoatrial   junction .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   again   elevation   of   right   hemidiaphragm   with   right - sided   pleural   effusion .   vague   opacities   are   noted   in   the   right   upper   lobe ,   xxxx   from   prior   study .   these   may   be   related   to   overlying   rib   lesions   versus   t r u e   pulmonary   nodules .   the   left   lung   appears   grossly   clear .   dr a in age   catheter   seen   overlying   the   right   upper   quadrant .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .   no   change   calcified   aortic o pulmonary   xxxx   node .
heart   size   is   normal   and   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   otherwise   clear   bilaterally   without   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   bony   structures   and   soft   tissues   are   unremarkable .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   unremarkable .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   air   space   opacities ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   xxxx   are   grossly   unremarkable .
lung   volumes   are   mildly   low .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   contour .   no   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   mild   degenerative   disc   change   at   the   thoracic   spine ,   no   xxxx   deformity .
there   is   blunting   of   the   left   costophrenic   xxxx   compatible   with   a   moderate   to   large   left   pleural   fluid   collection .   there   are   areas   of   airspace   opacity   within   the   left   lung   base   which   may   represent   atelectasis   or   infiltrate .   minimal   bandlike   atelectasis   within   the   right   lung   base .   heart   size   is   normal .   left - sided   t u n ne l ed   catheter   t e r m in at e s   at   the   caval   atrial   junction .   right   ij   venous   catheter   t e r m in at e s   at   the   proximal   svc .
cardiac   silhouette   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   are   low   lung   volumes .   there   is   no   focal   opacities .   no   pneumothorax .   no   large   pleural   effusion .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   normal   size   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   normal   mediastinal   contour ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   vasculature ,   central   airways   and   lung   volumes .   no   pleural   effusion .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   prior   granulomatous   disease .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
chronic   bilateral   emphysematous   changes .   the   heart   size   and   mediastinal   silhouette   are   within   normal   limits   for   contour .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   the   xxxx   are   intact .
there   is   a   cortical   irregularity   along   the   anterior   m a r g in   of   the   sternum .   in   a dd it i on ,   there   is   a   focal   retrosternal   h y p o dense   c on v e x it y .   the   cardiac   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   the   thoracic   aorta   is   t or t u r o u s   however   the   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   large   pleural   effusion .   there   is   streaky   xxxx   opacity   within   the   left   lung   base   xxxx   representing   atelectasis .   otherwise ,   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   thoracic   kyphosis .   there   is   hyperinflation   of   the   lungs .
the   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   after   c i r r h o t i c   calcification   of   the   thoracic   aorta .   hyperexpanded   lungs   with   flattened   diaphragms   and   increased   retrosternal   clear   space   suggestive   of   emphysema .   streaky   left   basilar   opacities   are   favored   to   represent   scarring .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   exaggerated   thoracic   kyphosis .   scattered   calcified   granulomas   bilaterally .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
size   is   normal   limits .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   has   normal   contour .   there   is   a   vague   opacity   in   the   right   infrahilar   region .   there   is   also   a   <unk>   mm   well   c i r c u m s c rib ed   nodule   in   the   right   upper   lung   xxxx .   it   is   not   well   visualized   on   lateral   view .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   mild   prominence   of   the   superior   mediastinum   which   is   somewhat   l u c en t   and   xxxx   reflect s   mediastinal   and   vascular   structures .   no   focal   consolidation   is   seen .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours   are   stable .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation .   no   visible   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   displaced   rib   fractures   are   seen .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   along   the   thoracic   spine .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally   with   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   and   soft   tissues   are   unremarkable .
heart   size   mediastinal   contours   are   normal   in   appearance .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
limited   exam   as   the   left   costophrenic   xxxx   is   excluded   from   the   pa   view .   the   heart   size   is   normal .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   mild   lung   hyperinflation .   the   lungs   are   free   of   any   focal   infiltrates .   there   is   large   calcified   granuloma   within   the   medial   right   lung   base .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   mild   multilevel   degenerative   changes   seen   within   the   thoracic   spine .   no   visible   acute   fracture .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
the   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours   appear   within   normal   limits .   there   are   streaky   left   basilar   opacities   and   blunting   of   the   left   costophrenic   sulcus   xxxx   secondary   to   a   small   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
the   heart   size   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   are   intact .
the   heart   is   mild   enlarged .   central   pulmonary   vascularity   is   again   accentuated .   there   are   also   mild   increased   interstitial   markings   without   focal   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .
there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   grossly   unremarkable .   the   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   there   are   mild   thoracic   spine   degenerative   changes .
there   is   a   small   area   of   scarring   or   atelectasis   in   the   left   base .   calcified   granulomas   seen   in   the   posterior   right   lower   lobe .   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   and   soft   tissues   are   normal .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
<unk>   images .   calcified   granuloma   left   upper   lobe .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascular   engorgement   appear   within   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   contour   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   no   convincing   acute   bony   findings .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   displaced   rib   fracture .
mild   cardiomegaly .   normal   size   and   mediastinal   contours .   clear   lungs .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   unremarkable   xxxx .
the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   well - expanded   and   clear .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .   there   is   de x t r o curvature   of   the   thoracic   spine .   there   is   xxxx   deformity   of   the   t <unk>   vertebral   body .   l e v o curvature   of   the   lumbar   spine   with   significant   degenerative   change   is   also   noted .
normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   there   are   no   xxxx   of   a   large   pleural   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   acute   bony   abnormality   seen .
heart   size   is   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   are   no   focal   air   space   consolidations .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   calcified   right   upper   lobe   pulmonary   granuloma   and   calcified   right   hilar   lymph   xxxx .   the   hilar   and   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   normal   pulmonary   vascularity .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   no   acute   bony   abnormality   is   identified .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   ca v it at i on s .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
enlarged   cardiac   contour ,   stable .   calcified   vasculature .   sequelae   of   prior   granulomatous   disease .   no   confluent   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   overt   pulmonary   edema .   mild   thoracic   spondylosis .
rotated   apical   lordotic   frontal   projection ,   mild   bronchovascular   crowding   and   scattered   chronic   appearing   irregular   interstitial   markings .   no   definite   focal   alveolar   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion   seen .   a c c o u n t in g   for   technical   factors   heart   size   xxxx   within   normal   limits ,   h e a v i l y   calcified   and   mildly   tortuous   aorta .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   normal .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   heart   size   is   moderately   enlarged ,   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   there   is   a   xxxx   icd   generator   o b s c u r in g   the   left   lateral   midlung   with   the   leads   projecting   over   the   expected   location   of   the   right   atrium ,   right   ventricle ,   and   coronary   s in u s .
heart   size   normal .   mediastinum   unremarkable .   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   lungs   symmetric all y   aerated   without   focal   infiltrate   or   consolidation .   multiple   scattered   calcified   granulomas   are   present   bilaterally .   no   focal   volume   loss   e v id en t .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   bony   thorax   unremarkable .
heart   size   within   normal   limits ,   stable   mediastinal   contours .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   a   dense   nodule   in   the   right   base   suggests   a   previous   granulomatous   process .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .   no   pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   and   xxxx   are   normal .   no   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   osseous   structures   and   soft   tissues   are   unchanged .
the   trachea   is   midline .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal .   there   are   low   lung   volumes ,   causing   bibasilar   atelectasis   and   bronchovascular   crowding .   pulmonary   opacity   seen   in   the   right   lung   base ,   may   indicate   focal   infiltrate .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   visualized   bony   structures   reveal   no   acute   abnormalities .
the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   no   acute   bony   abnormality   is   identified .
normal   heart   size .   normal   mediastinal   silhouette .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   suspicious   focal   air   space   opacity .   prior   granulomatous   disease   appears   stable .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
<unk>   images .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascular   engorgement   appear   within   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   contour   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   no   convincing   acute   bony   findings .
apparent   cardiomegaly   xxxx   at   xxxx   partially   accentuated   by   low   lung   volumes .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   right   base   calcified   granuloma .   stable   right   infrahilar   nodular   density   ( lateral   view ) .   negative   for   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   cholecystectomy   clips   are   present .
the   heart   is   normal   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion ,   pneumothorax ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   chronic   degenerative   changes   are   present   within   the   spine .
borderline   heart   size .   the   lungs   are   hyperexpanded   and   hyperlucent   compatible   with   chronic   obstructive   pulmonary   disease .   there   are   no   xxxx   focal   air   space   consolidations .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   the   hilar   and   mediastinal   contours   are   unchanged .   aortic   vascular   calcifications .   normal   pulmonary   vascularity .   bone   demineralization .
lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   normal   heart   and   mediastinal   contours .   normal   pulmonary   vasculature .   bony   thorax   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear ,   and   without   focal   air   space   opacity .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour ,   and   stable .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
within   the   posterior   lateral   <unk> th   rib   there   is   a   deformity   along   the   c or t e x   with   associated   o b l i <unk> u e   lucency .   in   a dd it i on   within   the   posterior   lateral   <unk> th   rib   there   appears   to   be   a   o b l i <unk> u e l y   or ien t ed   lucency   with   cortical   d is r up t i on .   findings   are   concerning   for   possible   left   rib   fractures .   otherwise   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   multiple   small   p u n ct at e   r a di op a <unk> u e   foreign   bodies   are   seen   within   the   subcutaneous   tissues   and   are   present   on   previous   ct   scan   from   xxxx .
borderline   enlarged   heart .   pulmonary   vasculature   appears   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   pulmonary   opacity ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .   possible   right   shoulder   calcific   t end in it is .   calcifications   of   the   abdominal   aorta   are   seen .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   the   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
no   focal   consolidation .   no   visualized   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusions .   heart   size   normal .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   mild   xxxx   left   upper   lobe   atelectasis   or   scarring .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   tortuous   aorta .   hiatal   hernia .
no   focal   lung   consolidation .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   osseous   structures   are   grossly   intact .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
the   heart   is   upper   limits   of   normal   in   size .   mild   tortuosity   of   the   thoracic   aorta .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   infiltrate .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   infiltrate .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
right   subclavian   catheter ,   distal   tip   posterior   to   the   head   of   the   clavicle ,   the   level   of   the   subclavian   vein .   low   lung   volumes .   no   pleural   effusion .   left   lower   lobe   airspace   disease ,   xxxx   atelectasis .   cardiomediastinal   size   is   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal   .   xxxx   xxxx   intact .
stable ,   non enlarged   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   left   upper   lobe   calcified   granuloma   noted .   epigastric   and   right   upper   quadrant   postsurgical   changes .   interval   increased   bilateral   interstitial   opacities ,   with   probable   left   lower   lobe   infiltrate .
the   lungs   are   clear ,   and   without   focal   airspace   opacity .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour ,   and   stable .   there   are   calcified   granulomas   at   the   right   perihilar   region s   appear   stable .   there   are   significant   degenerative   osteophytes   of   the   thoracic   spine   also   appear   stable .
tortuosity   of   the   aorta .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   airspace   consolidation .   cardiomediastinal   size   is   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal   .   xxxx   xxxx   intact .   unchanged   eventration   of   the   left   hemidiaphragm   versus   small   hernia   ( b o c h d a l e <unk> ) .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   demonstrate   healed ,   remote   bilateral   rib   fractures   without   acute   abnormality .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   trachea   is   midline .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear ,   without   evidence   of   focal   consolidations   or   pleural   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   the   visualized   bony   structures   reveal   no   acute   abnormalities .
there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   mild   blunting   of   the   posterior   costophrenic   xxxx   xxxx   represent   small   effusions .   no   pneumothorax   is   present .   there   is   moderate   cardiomegaly .   the   pulmonary   vasculature   is   within   normal   limits .
mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
normal   heart   size .   stable   tortuous   thoracic   aorta .   prior   granulomatous   disease .   healed   rib   fractures   appear   stable .   focal   opacity   is   noted   in   the   left   midlung   overlying   the   <unk> th   posterior   rib   which   xxxx   represents   healing   rib   c all u s .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
normal   heart   size .   normal   mediastinal   silhouette .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   suspicious   focal   air   space   opacity .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   an   unchanged   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   the   cardiac   silhouette   remains   moderately   enlarged ,   exaggerated   by   epicardial   fat   pa d s .   interstitium   is   xxxx   prominent .   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .   there   is   xxxx   spine   spondylosis .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   no   change   in   the   small   calcified   granuloma   in   the   right   upper   lobe .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   heart   is   mildly   enlarged .   mediastinal   contour   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   there   are   streaky   left   basilar   airspace   opacities ,   compatible   with   atelectasis   as   seen   on   comparison   abdomen   and   pelvis   ct .   there   is   a   left   upper   lung   granuloma .   otherwise ,   no   focal   consolidation ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   xxxx   appear   intact .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   lung   volumes   are   low .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   appear   normal .   pleural   spaces   are   clear .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   tortuous   thoracic   aorta .   there   is   patchy   right   base   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   mild   degenerative   changes   throughout   the   thoracic   spine .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   and   soft   tissues   have   a   normal   appearance .
heart   size   borderline   enlarged ,   mediastinal   contours   appear   similar   to   the   xxxx   from   xxxx ,   xxxx   xxxx   noted .   right   hemidiaphragm   eventration .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .
heart   xxxx ,   mediastinum ,   xxxx ,   bony   structures   are   unremarkable .   possible   subtle   increased   opacity   in   right   apex   versus   technique .   otherwise   no   significant   interval   change   compared   to   prior   study
heart   size   is   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   are   no   focal   air   space   consolidations .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   the   hilar   and   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   normal   pulmonary   vascularity .
the   trachea   is   midline .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   and   unchanged   from   prior   examination .   there   are   round   calcific   densities   in   the   right   lung   consistent   with   prior   granulomatous   disease .   otherwise ,   the   lungs   are   clear   without   evidence   of   acute   infiltrate   or   effusion .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   the   visualized   bony   structures   reveal   no   acute   abnormalities .
xxxx   right   basal   airspace   opacity .   the   heart   size   and   mediastinal   silhouette   are   within   normal   limits   for   contour .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   the   xxxx   are   intact .
this   radiograph   was   xxxx   available   for   m y   in t e r pre t at i on   at   xxxx   hours   xxxx / xxxx .   there   are   low   lung   volumes   with   associated   bronchovascular   crowding   and   basilar   subsegmental   atelectasis .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .
the   heart   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   airspace   opacity ,   large   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   intact .   interval   removal   of   right   picc .   persistent   elevation   of   the   left   hemidiaphragm .
lungs   are   clear .   blunting   of   the   left   costophrenic   xxxx   consistent   with   a   small   left   pleural   effusion   and   associated   airspace   disease .   the   right   lung   is   clear .   sequelae   of   old   granulomatous   disease .   heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal .   degenerative   changes   in   the   spine .
there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacities .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   intact .
heart   size   is   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   there   are   no   focal   air   space   consolidations .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   the   hilar   and   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   normal   pulmonary   vascularity .   u m bi l i ca l   p ie r c in g .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   appearance .   the   thoracic   aorta   is   calcified .   no   focal   areas   of   pulmonary   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pleural   effusion .   the   thoracic   spine   appears   intact .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .   mild   xxxx   xxxx   curvature   thoracolumbar   junction .
the   heart   is   normal   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion ,   pneumothorax ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   chronic   degenerative   changes   are   present   within   the   spine .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   osseous   findings .
the   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette ,   pulmonary   vascular   pattern   are   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax .   no   pneumonia .   no   pleural   effusion .   mild   degenerative   changes   mid   thoracic   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
there   has   been   interval   development   of   a   large   right - sided   pleural   effusion .   the   left   lung   is   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   heart   size   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   deformity   is   noted   at   the   upper   thoracic   vertebral   body .
the   heart   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   are   intact .
no   acute   osseous   abnormality .   scattered   degenerative   changes   throughout   the   thoracic   spine .   stable   normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   hilar   contours .   scattered   bilateral   granulomas .   patchy   left   basal   airspace   opacity .   bilateral   small   effusions .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   there   is   normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   thoracic   spine   shows   anterior   osteophyte   formation .
chest .   lung   volumes   are   low ,   but   no   focal   infiltrates   are   present .   heart   and   mediastinum   remain   normal .   abdomen .   multiple   slightly   d is t end ed   loops   are   present   from   stomach   to   r e ct u m .   for m ed   s to o l   is   present   in   the   r e ct u m .
heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal .   the   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   right   basilar   air   space   opacity .
there   are   t - spine   osteophytes .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   there   are   low   lung   volumes .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   a   large   hiatal   hernia   is   noted .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   seen .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal   for   ap   projection .   mediastinal   contours   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   unremarkable .   the   patient ' s   c h in   o b s c u r e s   the   bilateral   lung   apices .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   visible   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   displaced   rib   fractures   are   seen .   there   are   moderate   degenerative   changes   along   the   thoracic   spine .
patient   is   rotated .   mild   cardiomegaly .   low   lung   volumes   with   elevated   hemidiaphragms ,   greater   on   the   right .   this   is   identified   on   a   thoracic   xxxx   study   from   xxxx   as   well .   no   pneumothorax .   no   large   pleural   effusion .   no   focal   infiltrate .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   calcified   granuloma   in   the   left   lower   lobe .   minimal   bibasilar   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax .   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   osteopenia   and   xxxx   deformities ,   degenerative   changes   and   scoliosis   are   present   in   the   thoracic   spine .   calcified   granuloma   is   present   in   the   left   upper   lobe .   on   xxxx   c o m p on en t   of   a   xxxx   scan   xxxx   xxxx / xxxx ,   several   nodules   were   identified .   a   nodule   is   seen   in   the   right   middle   lobe   which   c or r e s p on d s   with   one   of   the   nodules   present   on   the   previous   ct   scan .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   the   lungs   are   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   there   is   xxxx   biapical   scarring .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   the   aorta   is   atherosclerotic .   emphysematous   changes   are   identified .   there   is   no   acute   infiltrate   or   effusion .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   again   seen   is   xxxx   pa r a spinal   foreign   body   which   may   represent   a   b u l l e t   f r a g m en t .
chest .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusions .   mild   degenerative   changes   throughout   the   thoracic   spine .   right   knee .   there   has   been   prior   l ig a m en to u s   repair .   there   is   t r i c o m pa r t mental   joint   space   n a r r o w in g   and   m a r g in a l   osteophyte   formation   which   is   severe   in   the   medial   c o m pa r t m en t .   no   knee   joint   effusion .   no   fractures   or   dislocations .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   infiltrate .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
there   is   stable   cardiomegaly .   aorta   is   calcified   and   tortuous .   there   are   multiple   pleural   calcifications   xxxx   representing   prior   as be s to s   exposure .   these   appear   unchanged .   there   is   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation .
there   is   mild   xxxx   opacification   over   both   xxxx ,   xxxx   secondary   to   soft   tissue   at t en u at i on .   there   are   no   focal   air   space   opacities .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   trachea   is   midline .   no   free   subdiaphragmatic   air .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   with   overlying   external   cardiac   monitor   leads   show   normal   size   and   configuration   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   there   are   scattered   nodular   opacities ,   xxxx   calcified   granulomas .   no   xxxx   focal   airspace   consolidation   or   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   is   mildly   enlarged .   the   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .   there   are   extensive   vascular   calcifications .   there   is   a   left   midlung   calcified   granuloma .
there   is   bibasilar   airspace   disease .   cardiac   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   and   stable .   there   is   blunting   of   the   right   costophrenic   xxxx   unchanged   xxxx   scarring .   no   pneumothorax .
the   cardiac   contours   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   thoracic   spondylosis .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   no   focal   lung   consolidation .
the   xxxx   examination   consists   of   frontal   and   lateral   radiographs   of   the   chest .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   [ pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits > ] .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   the   visualized   osseous   structures   and   upper   abdomen   are   unremarkable .
there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   grossly   unremarkable .   the   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .
the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   unremarkable .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   stable   calcified   granuloma   in   the   left   upper   lung .   no   acute   bony   abnormality   is   identified .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   low   lung   volumes   and   bronchovascular   crowding .   mild   bibasilar   opacities ,   xxxx   atelectasis .   the   lungs   are   free   of   any   focal   infiltrates .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   stable   degenerative   change   throughout   the   thoracic   spine .   stable   thoracolumbar   r e t r o l is the s is .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   nodules   identified .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .
the   lungs   are   clear .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   mass   or   nodule   is   identified .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   normal .   there   are   sclerotic   lesions   within   the   xxxx ,   better   visualized   on   the   comparison   xxxx   scan .   there   are   several   bilateral   rib   fractures   with   evidence   of   the   c all u s   formation .   the   appearance   is   similar   to   the   prior   chest   radiograph .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   normal .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   normal .   there   is   mild   blunting   of   the   right   costophrenic   xxxx   on   the   frontal   view .   there   is   also   mild   obscuration   of   the   right   cardiac   xxxx .   airspace   disease   in   expected   location   of   right   middle   lobe   also   noted   on   the   lateral   view   to   no   pleural   effusion .   left   lung   clear .   degenerative   changes   spine .   no   pneumothorax .
right   chest   xxxx   tip   low   svc .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   prosthetic   right   humeral   head .   prior   lower   cervical   spine   surgery .   xxxx   deformity   at   the   thoracolumbar   junction   with   an   acute   kyphosis .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   nodular   density   projected   over   the   left   base   with   no   lateral   view   correlate   xxxx   secondary   to   soft   tissue   over l a y .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits ,   no   mediastinal   widening   c h a r a ct e r is t i c   in   appearance   of   vascular   injury .   no   acute   osseous   injury   xxxx   demonstrated .
there   are   no   acute   osseous   abnormalities .   soft   tissues   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   stable   enlargement   of   the   heart .   calcific   aorta .   stable   bilateral   calcified   granulomas .   the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally   without   focal   area   of   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   tortuous   aorta .   otherwise   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   low   lung   volumes .   mild   elevation   of   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   there   is   streaky   opacity   within   the   right   lower   lobe .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   normal .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
no   focal   consolidation .   no   visualized   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   normal .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouette   is   grossly   unremarkable .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   no   mediastinal   widening .   the   lungs   are   hyperexpanded .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   large   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   exaggerated   kyphosis .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusions .   small   focal   retrocardiac   lung   opacity .
cardiac   silhouette   within   normal   limits .   central   pulmonary   vasculature   is   not   engorged .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   visualized   osseous   structures   are   unremarkable .   no   edema   or   focal   consolidation   in   the   lungs .
postsurgical   changes   of   the   right   chest .   mild   elevation   of   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .   degenerative   changes   in   the   spine .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   in   size .   lungs   are   mildly   hypoinflated   with   minimal   streaky   atelectasis   or   scar   in   the   lung   bases .   lungs   are   otherwise   grossly   clear   of   focal   airspace   disease .   there   is   a   stable   calcified   granuloma   in   the   posterior   left   midlung .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   acute   bony   findings .
mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   is   normal .   prior   calcified   granulomatous   disease .   on   the   lateral   view   in   the   anterior   costophrenic   xxxx ,   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   x   <unk>   cm   nodular   density   which   s ee m s   to   be   present   previously   but   is   more   nodular   in   appearance   on   this   examination .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   endplate   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracolumbar   spine   and   mild   scoliosis   are   unchanged .
lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   infiltrate   or   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   heart   and   mediastinal   contours   within   normal   limits .   there   are   significant   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   within   normal   limits   for   patient   age . .
surgical   clips   within   the   right   upper   quadrant .   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   in   appearance   and   stable   from   xxxx .   the   lungs   are   clear .   soft   tissues   and   bony   structures   are   unremarkable .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
no   focal   lung   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   osseous   structures   are   grossly   intact .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal .   the   skeletal   structures   are   normal .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   granulomatous   calcifications   and   mediastinum .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   are   calcified   mediastinal   lymph   xxxx ,   with   a   calcified   right   lower   lobe   pulmonary   nodule .   the   lungs   are   well - inflated   and   clear .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   effusion .   there   are   degenerative   changes   of   the   first   c o s to c h on dr a l   joints   bilaterally .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities   are   seen .
right   chest   central   venous   line   is   noted   with   tip   in   the   mid   svc .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   normal .   no   large   pleural   effusions .   no   acute   focal   airspace   opacification .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
normal   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours .   clear   lungs   be side s   scattered   calcified   granulomas .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   mass   or   nodule   is   identified .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   within   normal   limits .
no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   airspace   consolidation .   heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   appear   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   xxxx   are   intact .
normal   and   stable   cardiomediastinal   contours .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusions   or   significant   pulmonary   edema .   no   focal   lung   consolidation .   stable   mild   interstitial   prominence   and   bilateral   lung   bases .
hyperexpanded   lungs .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   normal   heart   size .   multiple   surgical   clips   overlie   the   mid abdomen .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   normal   size   and   configuration   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   normal   mediastinal   contour ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   vasculature ,   central   airways   and   lung   volumes .   no   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   granulomatous   sequela   are   noted .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .
evaluation   is   limited   due   to   obscuration   by   the   patient ' s   arm   on   the   lateral   view .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   of   size   and   appearance .   pulmonary   vascular   is   unremarkable .   xxxx   are   chronic ,   coarse   interstitial   lung   markings .   peripheral   opacity   along   the   right   mid   lung   xxxx   reflect s   scar   or   a   small   amount   of   loculated   pleural   fluid   or   thickening .   otherwise   negative   for   focal   airspace   disease   or   consolidation .   hyperlucent   lungs   with   apical   xxxx .   negative   for   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   limited   evaluation   reveals   the   xxxx   xxxx   to   be   grossly   intact .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   hyperexpanded   lungs .   calcified   right   upper   lobe   granuloma ,   unchanged .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   no   displaced   rib   fractures .
there   is   an   end o trachea l   tube   at   the   level   of   the   carina ,   recommend   retraction .   heart   size   is   normal .   the   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   xxxx   s h r ap ne l   is   overlying   the   right   lower   lobe .   there   is   a   round   xxxx   b u l l e t   overlying   the   t <unk>   vertebral   body .   xxxx   density   is   seen   within   the   right   lower   lobe   xxxx   representing   h e m or r h age .   there   is   a   right - sided   pneumothorax   with   <unk>   mm   in   m a x i m a l   th i c <unk> ne s s .   there   is   right   axillary   subcutaneous   emphysema .   probable   lateral   right   <unk> th   rib   fracture .   the   osseous   structures   are   otherwise   normal .
the   heart ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   mediastinum   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity   to   suggest   a   pneumonia .   both   clavicle s   appear   within   normal   limits   on   this   limited   radiographic   evaluation .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   low   lung   volumes .   no   focal   airspace   consolidations .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
mild   cardiomegaly .   lungs   are   clear .   calcified   hilar   xxxx .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   soft   tissues   and   show ed   unremarkable .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
there   are   xxxx   sternotomy   xxxx   and   mediastinal   surgical   clips   xxxx   secondary   to   a   cabg   p r o c ed u r e .   small   t - spine   osteophytes .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   pulmonary   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   there   are   cholecystectomy   clips .   there   is   eventration   of   right   hemidiaphragm .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   contour ,   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   is   identified .   minimal   thoracic   spondylosis .
there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacities .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   clear ,   without   evidence   of   infiltrate .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .   there   is   an   o b l i <unk> u e l y   or ien t ed   xxxx   lucency   through   the   posterior   right   <unk> th   rib .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   descending   thoracic   aorta   is   tortuous .   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   degenerative   changes   are   present   in   the   spine .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   with   borderline   heart   size   and   aortic   ectasia / tortuosity .   stable   hyperinflation   without   focal   alveolar   consolidation .   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen .   no   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .   healed   left   rib   fractures   again   noted .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   any   focal   infiltrates .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   normal .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
the   heart   size   is   normal .   the   mediastinal   contour   is   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   any   focal   infiltrates .   there   is   a   small   calcified   granuloma   within   the   left   upper   lobe .   there   are   no   nodules   or   masses .   no   visible   pneumothorax .   no   visible   pleural   fluid .   the   xxxx   are   grossly   normal .   there   is   no   visible   free   intraperitoneal   air   under   the   diaphragm .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusion   is   identified .
scoliosis   and   focal   eventration   of   the   posterior   left   hemidiaphragm .   no   focal   alveolar   consolidation .   rotated   position ,   considering   technical   factors   heart   size   xxxx   within   normal   limits .   no   definite   pleural   effusion   seen ,   left   bronchovascular   crowding   without   typical   findings   of   pulmonary   edema .   exaggerated   kyphosis   with   increased   ap   di m en s i on   of   the   thorax .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   are   normal .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   degenerative   changes   in   the   thoracic   spine .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   no   pleural   air   collection s .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .   a   vague   lucency   is   present   in   left   rib   <unk>   anterior l y .
the   heart   is   mildly   enlarged .   pulmonary   vascularity   is   increased .   there   is   again   mild   elevation   of   the   right   hemidiaphragm .   air   space   disease   and / or   atelectasis   is   noted   in   right   lung   base .   there   is   also   xxxx   streaky   opacity   in   the   left   base .   the   costophrenic   xxxx   are   blunted .
there   is   patchy   opacity   in   the   left   base   concerning   for   atelectasis   versus   pneumonitis .   there   is   a   c u r v i line a r   lucency   that   appears   to   be   in   the   right   hemidiaphragm   and   a   small   amount   of   free   intraperitoneal   air   may   be   present .   there   is   a   small   left   pleural   effusion .   the   heart   is   not   significantly   enlarged .   there   are   atherosclerotic   changes   of   the   aorta .   arthritic   changes   of   the   skeletal   structures   are   noted .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   xxxx   scarring   is   noted   in   the   lingula .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   no   mediastinal   widening .   the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   large   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   mild   de x t r o   curvature   of   the   thoracic   spine ,   possibly   position a l .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .   no   displaced   rib   fractures   identified .
frontal   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   show   normal   size   and   configuration   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   normal   mediastinal   contour ,   pulmonary   xxxx   and   vasculature ,   central   airways   and   lung   volumes .   and   scattered   calcified   granulomas .   left   greater   than   right   basilar   opacity ,   probable   atelectasis   and / or   scarring .   no   pleural   effusion .
heart   and   mediastinum   are   at   the   upper   limits   of   normal   size .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   large   pleural   effusion .   there   is   no   acute ,   displaced   rib   fracture .   bony   structures   are   unremarkable .
normal   cardiac   contour .   clear   lung   xxxx   bilaterally .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   degenerative   seen   throughout   cervical   spine .
the   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   u n its .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   bandlike   opacities   are   present   in   the   right   base   consistent   with   areas   of   atelectasis .   remainder   of   the   lungs   appear   clear .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   mild   emphysematous   changes   without   focal   consolidation .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .   xxxx   lingular   scarring   or   atelectasis   noted .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   consolidations .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
normal   cardiomediastinal   contours .   marrow   pneumothorax ,   focal   lung   consolidation   or   pleural   effusions .
no   airspace   disease ,   effusion   or   noncalcified   nodule .   calcified   granuloma   seen   bilaterally .   normal   heart   size .   elevated   right   hemidiaphragm ,   with   a   nodular   soft   tissue   contour ,   c on t a in in g   liver .   degenerative   changes   demonstrated   within   the   visualized   thoracic   spine .   there   is   ne u r o s t i m u l at or ,   overlying   the   mid   and   lower   thoracic   spine .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   and   aortic   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   normal   pulmonary   vasculature .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   visible   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   elevated   right   hemidiaphragm .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   clear ,   without   evidence   of   infiltrate .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   effusion .
heart   size   is   normal .   the   lungs   and   costophrenic   xxxx   are   clear .   the   bony   thorax   is   grossly   intact .
no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   heart   size   normal .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   stable .   nodular   densities   consistent   with   chronic   granulomatous   disease .   bony   structures   appear   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear ,   and   without   focal   airspace   opacity .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour ,   and   stable .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
calcified   left   hilar   lymph   xxxx   xxxx   from   prior   granulomatous   disease .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidations ,   effusions ,   or   pneumothoraces .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   tortuous   aorta .   there   is   an   a c c e s s or y   azygos   fissure   in   the   right   upper   lung .   no   focal   air   space   consolidations   are   noted .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   is   severe   degenerative   change   at   the   thoracolumbar   junction   with   mild   anterior   wedging   at   approximately   t <unk> .
no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   osseous   structures   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusion   is   identified .
there   is   stable   mild   cardiomegaly   without   significant   pulmonary   vascular   congestion .   the y ' r e   stable   tortuosity   of   the   aorta .   there   is   no   acute   pulmonary   consolidation ,   large   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
no   focal   lung   consolidation .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   osseous   structures   are   grossly   intact .
the   lungs   are   hyperexpanded .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusion ,   focal   airspace   opacities   or   pneumothorax .   no   free   subdiaphragmatic   air .
there   is   severe   dextroscoliosis   of   the   thoracic   spine   with   chronic   deformity   of   the   bilateral   ribs .   the   lungs   are   chronic all y   hypoinflated .   there   is   xxxx   v is u a l i <unk> at i on   of   the   hemidiaphragms ,   which   may   be   due   to   basilar   airspace   disease / atelectasis .   evaluation   of   the   lungs   is   marked l y   limited .   overall ,   the   appearance   is   similar   to   the   prior   study   from   xxxx .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   cardiac   and   mediastinal   silhouettes   are   normal .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
heart   size   is   normal .   aorta   is   tortuous   and   ectatic .   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   clear   without   evidence   of   fibrosis .   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   endplate   sclerotic   changes   are   present   in   the   thoracic   spine .
pa   and   lateral   views .   stable   postoperative   changes   with   midline   sternotomy   xxxx   and   m y o ca r di a l   r e vascular i <unk> at i on .   cardiac   size   remains   mildly   enlarged   but   stable .   there   is   mild   vascular   congestion .   small   bilateral   pleural   effusions   are   present ,   which   are   xxxx .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   mild   fullness   of   the   left   hilum ,   small   interval   change   from   prior   exam .   l u c en c ie s   throughout   the   chest   xxxx   representing   emphysematous   change .   scattered   bilateral   calcified   granulomas .   no   pneumothorax .   large   hiatal   hernia ,   increased   from   prior   exam .
mild   hyperinflation .   no   focal   consolidation ,   suspicious   pulmonary   opacity ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits ,   visualized   osseous   structures   appear   intact .
irregularity   within   the   right   apex   is   consistent   with   patient ' s   known   cavitary   lesion   as   a   sequela   of   prior   tuberculosis .   no   evidence   of   active   infection .   no   focal   consolidations ,   pneumothorax ,   or   effusions   identified .   pa r a mediastinal   silhouette   is   stable   and   within   normal   limits   and   no   acute   bony   abnormality   is   identified .
xxxx   xxxx   and   lateral   chest   examination   was   obtained .   the   heart   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   aortic   xxxx   appear   unremarkable .   lungs   demonstrate   no   acute   findings .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   there   is   degenerative   changes   of   the   skeletal   structures
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   bone   abnormality .
low   lung   volumes   and   patient   rotation .   given   differences   in   technique ,   heart   size   xxxx   within   normal   limits .   persistent   right   basilar   opacity ,   xxxx   atelectasis .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacity ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   mild   degenerative   change   of   the   thoracic   spine .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   appear   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   free   of   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax   is   seen .   in   the   left   midlung   zone ,   there   has   been   development   of   a   small   lung   nodule .   this   measures   approximately   <unk>   mm   in   diameter .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   is   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   aorta   is   mildly   tortuous   and   demonstrates   atherosclerotic   calcifications .   the   lungs   are   mildly   hypoinflated   with   increased   peripheral   lung   markings   noted   p r ed o m in an t l y   in   the   right   upper   and   lower   lung .   there   is   no   acute   infiltrate   or   significant   pleural   effusion .   mild   eventration   of   left   hemidiaphragm   is   noted .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   heart   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   no   focal   air   space   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   there   are   multilevel   degenerative   changes   in   the   thoracic   spine .
right   mid   lung   nodule   stable   xxxx ;   etiology   not   de t e r m in ed .   this   is   noncalcified ,   and   is   stable   since   a   ct   examination   from   xxxx   and   is   xxxx   be nign   etiology .   the   lungs   are   well   inflated   and   without   focal   consolidation .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   appears   unremarkable .   costophrenic   xxxx   clear .   visualized   spine   v e r t e b r a e   appear   normal   in   xxxx   and   alignment .   overlying   leads .
there   is   mild   cardiomegaly .   mediastinal   contours   appear   within   normal   limits .   there   are   small   bilateral   pleural   effusions ,   left   greater   than   right   with   left   basilar   opacities .   no   pneumothorax .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
chest :   the   heart   size   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   are   intact .   left   knee :   there   is   no   fracture - dislocation .   there   are   degenerative   changes   with   medial   c o m pa r t m en t   osteophytes .   there   is   no   s up r ap at e l l a r   effusion .   there   is   a   xxxx .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   contour .   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   focal   consolidations .   no   pleural   effusions .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
cardiomegaly .   no   focal   consolidation ,   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   mild   unfolding   of   the   thoracic   aorta .   bony   thorax   and   soft   tissues   grossly   unremarkable .
right   middle   lobe   opacity   is   present .   the   cardiac   silhouette   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   no   large   pleural   effusion .
low   lung   volumes   bilaterally ,   with   lungs   otherwise   grossly   clear .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   large   pleural   effusion .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   no   acute   osseous   abnormalities   identified .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour   normal .   there   is   a   <unk> . <unk>   cm   vague   nodular   density   in   the   right   mid   lung ,   probably   within   the   middle   lobe   given   the   opacification   on   the   lateral   view .   there   is   a   subtle   left   retrocardiac   density   also   noted ,   with   obscuration   of   aortic   contour .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   mild   emphysematous   changes   are   noted .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   consolidations .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
the   heart   is   borderline   size .   aorta   is   atherosclerotic .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   size   and   configuration .   pulmonary   vasculature   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   well - aerated .   there   is   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   consolidation .
no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion   or   airspace   consolidation .   cardiomediastinal   size   is   within   normal   limits .   pulmonary   vasculature   is   normal   .   xxxx   xxxx   intact .   c h on dr a l   ca r t i l age s   causing   xxxx   over   the   anterior   lungs   on   lateral   view .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   normal   as   are   the   skeletal   structures   and   soft   tissues .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascular   engorgement   appear   within   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   contour   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   multilevel   degenerative   changes   are   noted   within   the   thoracic   spine .
xxxx   xxxx   and   lateral   chest   examination   was   obtained .   the   heart   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   aortic   xxxx   appear   unremarkable .   lungs   demonstrate   no   acute   findings .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
there   is   enlargement   of   the   cardiac   silhouette .   there   is   a   focal   opacity   within   the   right   upper   lung .   there   is   dense   calcification   of   the   thoracic   aorta .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   no   large   pleural   effusion .
chest .   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   size   normal .   a   calcified   pleural   p l a <unk> u e   in   the   right   s u b p u l m on i c   area   has   not   xxxx   since   the   abdomen   ct .   left   and   right   knee s .   xxxx ,   xxxx   spaces ,   and   soft   tissues   are   normal .
there   are   no   focal   areas   of   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   opacities .   heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   pleural   effusions .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   intact .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
the   patchy   right   lower   lobe   and   left   lower   lobe   interstitial   infiltrates   are   large l y   unchanged   in   the   interval .   no   xxxx   infiltrates .   heart   size   remains   large .   tracheostomy   tube   remains   in   the   trachea .   a   right   central   line   has   its   tip   at   the   superior   xxxx   xxxx .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   and   clear .   osseous   structures   are   within   normal   limits   for   patient   age .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
a   large   pleural   air   collection   is   present   on   the   right .   mediastinum   is   shift ed   to   the   left   as   compared   to   the   previous   examination .   the   right   lower   lobe   is   total l y   op a <unk> u e .
heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   consolidations .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   there   are   degenerative   changes   of   the   midthoracic   spine .
the   trachea   is   midline .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   appears   normal .   there   are   no   acute   infiltrates ,   effusions .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .   visualized   bony   structures   are   intact   with   no   acute   abnormalities .
mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
a   s t r and y   infiltrate   has   developed   in   the   left   lower   lobe .   right   lung   is   clear .   heart   size   remains   normal .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascular   engorgement   appear   within   limits   of   normal .   mediastinal   contour   is   unremarkable .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   no   convincing   acute   bony   findings .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   unremarkable .   stable   bilateral   calcified   granulomas / lymph   xxxx .   a   b u l l e t   is   present   in   the   posterior   soft   tissues   of   the   left   chest   wall ,   stable   compared   to   prior   examination .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   displaced   rib   fracture .
lungs   are   hyperexpanded .   no   infiltrates   or   masses   in   the   lungs .   heart   size   normal .   no   change   calcified   left   hilar   xxxx   and   left   small   granuloma .
there   are   low   lung   volumes   with   bronchovascular   crowding .   there   is   patchy   left   lower   lobe   airspace   disease .   there   are   xxxx   opacities   in   the   right   mid   lung ,   xxxx   subsegmental   atelectasis .   no   significant   pleural   effusion .   no   pneumothorax .   heart   size   is   within   normal   limits .   there   is   aortic   atherosclerotic   vascular   calcification .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pneumonia .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   appear   normal .   bony   over l ap   in   the   lung   apices   could   o b s c u r e   a   small   pulmonary   nodule .
heart   size   appears   enlarged .   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   lung   volumes   are   low   with   central   bronchovascular   crowding   and   patchy   basilar   atelectasis . .   osseous   structures   are   within   normal   limits   for   patient   age .
no   acute   osseous   abnormality .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   stable   normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   hilar   contours .   prominence   of   superior   mediastinal ,   xxxx   superimposed   structures .   no   focal   area   of   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   mild   bibasilar   atelectasis .
low   lung   volumes .   heart   size   normal .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   bony   structures   appear   intact .   left   humeral   head   bone   an c h or s .
cardiomegaly   is   noted .   no   pleural   effusions .   no   pneumothorax .   there   is   perihilar   prominence   and   interstitial   opacification .
heart   size   normal .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   bony   structures   intact .
normal   heart   size .   clear   lungs .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   lungs   are   hyperexpanded .   the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits   in   appearance .   no   focal   airspace   opacities ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   a   calcific   density   in   the   left   midlung   zone   xxxx   represents   old   granulomatous   disease .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   identified .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   low   lung   volumes   without   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   lungs   are   clear .   the   heart   pulmonary   xxxx   are   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .
normal   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity .   there   are   changes   of   chronic   lung   disease   not i c ed   by   hyperinflated   lungs   and   streaky   opacities   compatible   with   scar .   interval   placement   of   the   chest   xxxx   with   the   tip   in   the   superior   xxxx   xxxx .   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion   is   identified .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   vasculature   are   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   lungs   are   hyperexpanded   without   focal   airspace   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax . .   degenerative   endplate   changes   of   the   spine . .
the   lungs   and   pleural   spaces   show   no   acute   abnormality .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   normal   xxxx .
the   lungs   remain   hyperexpanded .   no   masses   or   infiltrates   in   the   lungs .   no   pleural   or   mediastinal   air   collection s .   heart   size   normal .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits   for   size   and   contour .   the   lungs   are   normally   inflated   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   within   normal   limits   for   patient   age . .
heart   size   is   normal   and   the   lungs   are   clear .
normal   heart   size .   aortic   atherosclerotic   calcifications .   right   ij   central   venous   catheter   tip   in   region   of   mid   svc .   there   are   <unk>   a icd   leads ,   one   tip   in   expected   region   of   right   atrium   and   one   tip   in   expected   region   of   right   ventricle .   there   is   no   pulmonary   edema .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation .   there   are   no   xxxx   of   a   large   pleural   effusion .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax .
large   left   lower   lobe   opacity   is   present .   there   does   not   appear   to   be   significant   mediastinal   shift .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .   the   cardiac   silhouette   is   not  def in it i v e l y   identified   and   not   f u l l y   evaluated .   the   mediastinal   contours   are   unremarkable .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   contour ,   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   minimal   streaky   atelectasis   the   left   lung   base .   no   focal   consolidation ,   suspicious   pulmonary   opacity ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   is   identified .   thoracic   spondylosis .
the   xxxx   examination   consists   of   frontal   and   lateral   radiographs   of   the   chest .   the   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   right   greater   than   left   biapical   bullous   emphysema .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   identified .   there   are   xxxx   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
status   post   midline   sternotomy   with   intact   xxxx   xxxx .   stable   mild   cardiomegaly .   normal   lung   vascularity .   the   lungs   are   clear .
the   heart   and   lungs   have   xxxx   xxxx   in   the   interval .   both   lungs   are   clear   and   expanded .   heart   and   mediastinum   normal .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   contour ,   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   bilateral   hyperinflation ,   without   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion .   visualized   osseous   structures   appear   intact .
heart   size   is   enlarged ,   pulmonary   vascularity   within   normal   limits .   no   visible   pneumothorax   .   xxxx   right   pleural   effusion   blunting   posterior   costophrenic   xxxx .   there   is   a   xxxx   xxxx   of   subsegmental   atelectasis   of   the   left   lung   base .   there   is   xxxx   alveolar   airspace   disease   in   the   medial   right   lung   base .   multilevel   degenerative   disease   of   the   visualized   p or t i on s   of   the   thoracolumbar   spine .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   pulmonary   vascularity   is   within   normal   limits   in   appearance .   no   focal   air   space   opacities .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormalities .
xxxx   xxxx   and   lateral   chest   examination   was   obtained .   the   heart   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   aortic   xxxx   appear   unremarkable .   lungs   demonstrate   no   acute   findings .   there   is   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal   contour   and   pulmonary   vascularity   stable   and   within   normal   limits .   lung   volumes   are   slightly   low .   there   are   streaky   left   basal   opacities .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   osseous   findings .   no   free   air   is   demonstrated .
the   heart   and   mediastinal   contours   are   unchanged .   there   is   a   moderate   hiatal   hernia .   the   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   infiltrate .   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
there   are   intact   midline   sternotomy   xxxx   and   postsurgical   changes   of   prior   cabg .   the   aorta   is   unfolded .   the   heart   size   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   in   the   thoracic   spine .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   calcified   right   paratracheal   lymph   xxxx   are   seen .   aorta   is   atherosclerotic .   the   lungs   are   mildly   hypoinflated   without   focal   consolidation .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion .
soft   tissue   and   bony   structures   unremarkable .   heart   size   is   upper   l i m it   of   normal .   lung   xxxx   are   clear .   no   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   calcified   lymph   xxxx   stable   from   prior   exam .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   no   focal   pulmonary   opacity ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   no   focal   pulmonary   opacity ,   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .   there   are   stable   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .
no   focal   lung   consolidation .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .   degenerative   changes   of   the   xxxx .   tortuous   aorta .
stable   xxxx   xxxx ,   including   e l on g at i on   of   the   left   ventricle   and   tortuous   thoracic   aorta .   s u b carina l   calcified   lymph   xxxx .   xxxx   lung   volumes .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   negative   for   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   heart   and   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   are   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   the   osseous   structures   are   intact .
the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   biapical   fib r o nodular   pleural   thickening / scarring .   there   is   a   xxxx   like   deformity   of   the   anterior   c or t e x   of   the   xxxx   body   ( lateral   view ) .   negative   for   retrosternal   density .   prior   cholecystectomy .   critical   result   notification   documented   through   primordial .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   clear .
stable   cardiomediastinal   silhouette .   mild   patchy   right   upper   lobe   opacities ,   similar   to   slightly   improved   from   xxxx .   left   lung   clear .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
the   lungs   are   h y p o v en t i l at ed .   there   is   no   focal   airspace   opacity .   the   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   normal   in   size .   there   is   no   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .
normal   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contours .   calcified   aortic   xxxx .   calcified   granuloma   in   the   anterior   segment   of   the   right   lower   lobe .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   degenerative   disc   disease   the   thoracic   spine .   coronary   artery   stent .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   the   previously   seen   right   upper   lobe   mass   lesion   is   not   seen   in   xxxx   study .   cardio   mediastinal   silhouette   is   unremarkable .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
lungs   are   overall   hyperexpanded   with   flattening   of   the   diaphragms .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   and   mediastinum   of   normal   size   and   contour .   degenerative   changes   within   the   spine .   there   are   e x p an s i l e   changes   within   the   right   clavicle   which   were   seen   on   the   previous   xxxx / ct .   findings   are   consistent   with   changes   of   multiple   myeloma .
cardio   mediastinal   silhouette ,   pulmonary   vascular   pattern   are   within   normal   limits .   mildly   low   lung   volumes .   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion   or   pulmonary   edema .   no   pneumothorax .
the   lungs   are   clear .   heart   size   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   airspace   disease .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
the   lungs   are   clear   without   evidence   of   focal   airspace   disease .   there   is   no   evidence   of   pneumothorax   or   large   pleural   effusion .   the   cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   xxxx   are   unremarkable .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   the   lungs   are   grossly   clear .
there   is   hyperexpansion   of   lungs   and   flattening   of   the   diaphragm   consistent   with   copd .   no   focal   lung   consolidation .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   there   is   a   kyphosis   and   osteopenia   of   the   thoracic   spine .   no   displaced   rib   fractures .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   is   not   significantly   enlarged .   there   are   atherosclerotic   changes   of   the   aorta .   there   are   severe   arthritic   changes   of   the   xxxx   with   mild   arthritic   changes   of   the   thoracic   spine .
no   focal   lung   consolidation .   heart   size   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   osseous   structures   are   grossly   intact .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size   and   contour .   there   is   no   mediastinal   widening .   the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   no   large   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   xxxx   are   intact .
<unk>   images .   moderate   thoracic   dextroscoliosis ,   similar   to   prior   imaging .   heart   size   is   normal .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation   is   seen   within   the   lungs .   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal   silhouette   stable   and   within   normal   limits   for   size   with   unchanged   atherosclerosis   and   tortuosity   thoracic   aorta .   there   is   no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   effusion .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .   stable   left   proximal   humeral   en c h on dr o m a   versus   remote   bony   in f a r ct .   stable   multilevel   degenerative   disc   disease   of   the   thoracic   spine .   calcified   granuloma   seen   anterior l y   on   lateral   view   is   stable   since   xxxx .
there   are   stable   postoperative   changes   of   left   th or a c o to m y   and   left   upper   lobectomy .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   focal   airspace   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   mass   or   nodule   is   seen .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   stable   elevation   of   the   left   hemidiaphragm .   normal   heart   size   and   mediastinal   contour .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax   or   definite   pleural   effusion .   heart   size   within   normal   limits ,   no   mediastinal   widening   c h a r a ct e r is t i c   in   appearance   of   vascular   injury .   no   acute   osseous   injury   xxxx   demonstrated .
heart   size   and   cardiomediastinal   contours   are   normal .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   air   space   opacity ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .   osseous   structures   are   intact .
stable   moderate   cardiomegaly .   mediastinal   contours   are   unchanged .   stable   prominence   of   the   central   pulmonary   vasculature   with   coarse   central   interstitial   markings .   decreased   left   basilar   airspace   disease .   no   visible   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .
no   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   large   pleural   effusion   identified .   stable   blunting   of   the   right   costophrenic   xxxx   xxxx   due   to   pleural   thickening / s c l e r o s is .   redemonstration   and   stable   appearance   of   bilateral   calcified   granulomas / lymph   xxxx .   changes   in   the   lungs   consistent   with   copd / emphysema .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   stable   and   unremarkable .   no   acute   osseous   abnormalities   identified .   opacity   in   the   left   apex   consistent   with   r a di at i on   change   seen   on   prior   ct .
the   heart   size   is   moderate   to   severe l y   enlarged .   there   is   prominence   of   the   central   pulmonary   xxxx   suggesting   pulmonary   artery   hypertension .   there   has   been   removal   of   the   right - sided   picc   line .   there   is   persistent   left   basilar   airspace   opacity   with   left   costophrenic   xxxx   blunting   which   is   not   e v id en t   on   the   lateral   exam .   there   are   mild   degenerative   changes   of   the   spine .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .
the   heart   size   and   mediastinal   silhouette   are   within   normal   limits   for   contour .   the   lungs   are   clear .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusions .   the   xxxx   are   intact .
postop   changes   of   cabg   with   mild   cardiomegaly .   there   is   an   infiltrate   in   the   right   lower   lobe .   thoracic   spondylosis .
the   lungs   are   clear   bilaterally .   specifically ,   no   evidence   of   focal   consolidation ,   pneumothorax ,   or   pleural   effusion . .   cardio   mediastinal   suggests   possible   right   xxxx   versus   de x t r o ca r di a .   visualized   osseous   structures   of   the   thorax   are   without   acute   abnormality .
heart   size   is   normal .   no   pneumothorax ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   focal   airspace   disease .   bony   structures   appear   intact .
there   are   mildly   diminished   lung   volumes .   cardiac   silhouette   is   normal   in   size .   normal   mediastinal   contour   and   pulmonary   vasculature .   the   lungs   are   without   focal   airspace   consolidation ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .
there   are   scattered   xxxx   opacities   in   the   left   lower   lobe .   cardiac   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   there   is   prominence   of   the   right   and   left   hilum   xxxx   representing   enlargement   of   the   central   pulmonary   arteries .   no   pneumothorax   or   pleural   effusion .   no   acute   bone   abnormality .
the   heart   is   normal   in   size .   the   mediastinum   is   stable .   postsurgical   changes   of   e s op h age c to m y   and   g as t r i c   p u l l - through   are   stable .   bibasilar   air   space   opacities   have   significantly   improved .   the   lungs   remain   hypoinflated   with   blunted   costophrenic   xxxx .   there   is   no   pneumothorax .
the   lungs   are   clear .   there   is   no   pleural   effusion   or   pneumothorax .   the   heart   is   not   significantly   enlarged .   there   are   calcified   right   hilar   and   mediastinal   lymph   xxxx .   there   are   atherosclerotic   changes   of   the   aorta .   arthritic   changes   of   the   skeletal   structures   are   noted .
lungs   are   overall   hyperexpanded   consistent   with   obstructive   lung   disease .   lungs   are   clear   without   focal   consolidation .   no   suspicious   pulmonary   nodules   or   masses   are   noted .   no   pleural   effusions   or   pneumothoraces .   heart   size   is   upper   limits   of   normal .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   no   alveolar   consolidation ,   no   findings   of   pleural   effusion   or   pulmonary   edema .   no   pneumothorax .
there   is   a   stable   c l o s u r e   device   projected   over   the   heart .   the   heart   and   mediastinum   are   otherwise   normal .   there   is   stable   xxxx   scarring   of   left   mid   lung .   the   lungs   are   otherwise   clear .   there   is   no   infiltrate ,   effusion ,   mass   or   pneumothorax .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   there   are   no   suspicious   pulmonary   nodules   or   infiltrates .   the   heart   and   pulmonary   xxxx   appear   normal .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .   mediastinal   contours   are   normal .   there   is   a   left - sided   t u n ne l ed   catheter ,   the   distal   tip   at   the   mid   superior   xxxx   xxxx   level .
ap   and   lateral   views   of   the   chest   were   obtained .   the   heart   is   normal   size .   mediastinum   is   unremarkable .   lungs   are   hypoinflated   but   clear .   no   focal   consolidation   is   seen .
cardiac   and   mediastinal   contours   are   within   normal   limits .   the   lungs   are   clear .   bony   structures   are   intact .
heart   size ,   mediastinal   contour ,   and   pulmonary   vascularity   are   within   normal   limits .   no   focal   consolidation ,   suspicious   pulmonary   opacity ,   large   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax   is   identified .   spondylosis   of   the   midthoracic   spine   with   large   anterior   osteophyte   formation s .
heart   size   normal .   lungs   are   clear .   xxxx   are   normal .   no   pneumonia ,   effusions ,   edema ,   pneumothorax ,   adenopathy ,   nodules   or   masses .
lungs   are   clear   bilaterally   with   no   focal   infiltrate ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothoraces .   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   is   within   normal   limits .   xxxx   and   soft   tissues   are   unremarkable .
the   lungs   appear   clear .   the   thoracic   aorta   remains   tortuous .   the   pre s en c e   of   an   aortic   aneurysm   cannot   be   excluded   on   this   study   xxxx .   a   there   are   calcified   mediastinal   and   hilar   lymph   xxxx   suggesting   prior   h is top l as m o s is   infection .   the   pleural   spaces   are   clear .
no   acute   osseous   abnormality .   stable   scattered   endplate   degenerative   changes   and   osteophyte   formation   in   the   thoracic   spine .   normal   cardiomediastinal   silhouette   and   hilar   contours .   no   focal   area   of   consolidation ,   pleural   effusion ,   or   pneumothorax .
similar   mild   cardiomegaly .   of   the   pulmonary   vascularity   is   prominent .   no   focal   consolidations   or   effusions .   no   pneumothorax .   no   acute   bony   abnormality .
heart   size   within   normal   limits .   small ,   nodular   opacity   in   the   right   upper   lobe .   this   does   not   l o o <unk>   like   an   acute   infiltrate ,   and   more   xxxx   represents   a   granuloma .   no   pneumothorax   or   effusions .
